docs: add build-in pipeline greptime_identity doc (#1211)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/logs/write-logs.md

# rest of the file is ignored
```

It is recommended to use `dissect` or `regex` processor to split the input line into fields first and then process the fields accordingly.

## Example

> Please refer to the "Writing Logs" section in the [Quick Start](quick-start.md#write-logs) guide for an example.

Reviewer: please do not delete this section

It is recommended to use `dissect` or `regex` processor to split the input line into fields first and then process the fields accordingly.

## Build-in Pipeline

> Currently we only have a built-in pipeline called `greptime_identity` that stores user input as is. We'll add an additional `greptime_timestamp` to the user data to indicate when it was written. We'll convert the json data into our table structure, and our conversion follows a few rules

Reviewer: do not need to write the `greptime_timestamp` now

> 1. we will scan all the records in a batch of data and get a superset of the list of fields to be considered as the table schema of the batch. please be careful to keep the data fields fixed as much as possible. 2. when the same field types are not the same, we will scan the data for all the records.

Reviewer: what does the superset mean? can you explain more?

It is recommended to use `dissect` or `regex` processor to split the input line into fields first and then process the fields accordingly.

> ## Build-in Pipeline
> 
> Currently we only have a built-in pipeline called `greptime_identity` that stores user input as is. We'll add an additional `greptime_timestamp` to the user data to indicate when it was written. We'll convert the json data into our table structure, and our conversion follows a few rules
> 
> 1. We will scan all the records in a batch of data and get a superset of the list of fields to be considered as the table schema of the batch. please be careful to keep the data fields fixed as much as possible.
> 2. An error is returned when the same field has a different type on a different line.
> 3. We ignore all fields with null value.
> 
> ### Type conversion rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Built-in Pipelines

GreptimeDB offers built-in pipelines for common log formats, allowing you to use them directly without creating new pipelines.

### `greptime_identity`

The `greptime_identity` pipeline is designed for writing JSON logs and automatically creates columns for each field in the JSON log.

- The first-level keys in the JSON log are used as column names.
- An error is returned if the same field has different types.
- Fields with `null` values are ignored.
- An additional column, `greptime_timestamp`, is added to the table as the time index to indicate when the log was written.

#### Type conversion rules
```

Reviewer: please move this section to `manage-pipelines.md`, the location would be before `## Create a Pipeline`
